Docs: Add docs around AbortTransaction in jobs (#1492)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/additional-features/jobs.md

Markdown rendering is supported for log messages.

!!! note

>     Using `self.log_failure()`, in addition to recording a log message, will flag the overall job as failed, but it will **not** stop the execution of the job. To end a job early, you can use a Python `raise` or `return` as appropriate. If the job made changes, it is best to raise `nautobot.utilities.exceptions.AbortTransaction` to ensure any database changes are rolled back as part of the process of ending the job.

Reviewer: Perhaps?

```suggestion
    Using `self.log_failure()`, in addition to recording a log message, will flag the overall job as failed, but it will **not** stop the execution of the job, nor will it result in an automatic rollback of any database changes made by the job. To end a job early, you can use a Python `raise` or `return` as appropriate. Raising `nautobot.utilities.exceptions.AbortTransaction` will ensure that any database changes are rolled back as part of the process of ending the job.
```
